feat: add data availability (DA) light node support (#32)
celestiaorg/optimism: specs/meta/devnet.md

- Private key: `ac0974bec39a17e36ba4a6b4d238ff944bacb478cbed5efcae784d7bf4f2ff80`

The faucet account exists on both L1 and L2. To deposit onto L2 from L1, you can use the `deposit` hardhat task.

> Run the following from the `packages/contracts-bedrock` directory:

Reviewer: Same, not relevant.

Author: It's definitely relevant. I was just adding this into this PR to avoid conflicts with `celestia-develop`, because we already merged this: https://github.com/celestiaorg/optimism/pull/35

Author: will remove from pr..

> Run the following from the `packages/contracts-bedrock` directory:

Author: ```suggestion
Run the following from the `packags/contracts` directory:
```
